---
title: Healthwatch Rochdale
draft: false
tags:
- Directory
- Services quality
- Complaints
areas:
- Heywood
- Middleton
- Rochdale
contact:
  addresses:
  - 104, 106, Drake Street, Rochdale
  phone:
  - 01706 249 575
  web_addresses:
  - http://www.healthwatchrochdale.org.uk
---

### Information
Healthwatch Rochdale is the independent champion created to gather and represent the public and patient’s experiences of using local health and social care services.

 Healthwatch Rochdale:

Enable people to share their views and concerns about the
health and social care services they are using in the Rochdale
Borough. Patients and the public can share their experiences
via our online Feedback form, by telephone or by Information,
Advice and Signposting Surgeries.
 
Work to ensure that peoples’ experiences using local services
is fed into analysis, helping to build a picture of where
services are doing well and where they can be improved. We can
take action, working in conjunction with relevant regulatory
organisations, to investigate or review services. Our Enter and
View service involves observing the delivery of health and
social care services directly and collecting the views of
people who use those services.
 
Work with clinical commissioning groups and social care
providers to ensure services are designed and improved based on
patients and the public’s needs.
 
Communicate with sector regulators and Healthwatch England to
highlight concerns about specific care providers and identify
patterns.
 
Are a presence in your community and to listen to your
experiences. With our team of volunteers we aim to be visible
and accessible in your community so you can share your story.
 
Provide details for you to find information about your local
health and social care services.
 
Help health and social care providers design and improve better
services by putting you in touch with their patients’ and
service users’ views